hey guys so um hair tutorial today it's
a spring to summer look because
everybody likes you go to the beach and
it's a nice messy do so yeah and also
yesterday I went to the beach at ka and
I got sunburned here as you can see up a
tan line anyway yep so this is the hair
I have brains two braids here oh wait
one braid here and one right here and a
messy bun here this is what it looks
like ok and you want the messy look to
it cuz it's summer so yeah um you're
gonna need um a hair tie some bobby pins
or a clip and I have a clip here it also
works great of your hair's curly cuz
they add lots more texture and also um
we said if your hair is long in the line
because the messy bun will be easier to
do yeah um just just partner in here
whichever way you want i parted it there
and begin with your eyebrows end and
just take the hair and don't french
braid it just do a regular i'll adjust
and go ahead but i'm just doing like a
regular braid you don't want to be
pulling downwards then the braids on me
going down so that just look weird yeah
so evenly distribute the hair and start
breeding ok so the most important part
is taking the hair like the excess hair
that's not in the braid and polishing
like pulling and pushing it down and
then wrapping the breeder crust if
you're not doing that then the break
could be like that I'll be like a messy
think so yeah just do that and a clip or
pin their breakdown I like my bangs to
be out of my face yeah and then I'm
going to cover the line where I have
where the braids go across like that do
the same the other side start at your
eyebrows like this evenly distribute
your hair and don't French braid just
like this you don't need to play the
whole thing and you don't need it for
the bracelet touch at the box and soon
I'm gonna have another hair tutorial a
wavy hair no-heat thing it's really
pretty so subscribe you want to Squatch
more and um I'm to push your hair down
wrap the braid pin it yep just like that
and take some your hair out I'm like
sweating because it's like 90 degrees
outside take some excess hair out exam
to a chair trying to speed this up same
with other side
like so just go soon so just put your
hair off to one side um and you want to
test away from your face and just do it
like just pull across a pairs bottom
this side is push it towards the one
hand wrap around and here get all the
fly or ease in just like this messy
little thing and pull it down to it your
ear and fluff it up ok us too much but
God you get the idea so yeah looks like
this braid free that one up twirl around
so yeah hope you enjoy that and
subscribe for more hit that yellow
subscribe button step aside it is ok so
bye